README.md, before:

# README #

This repo holds sourcecode and documentation for NordicRecipientAdminApp
A mobile app where mailmen (and others working in the field) can;

	- suggest changes to recipient database (initially ISU); i.e. recipient preferences, who lives where 
	- get routeinfo for mailman so that he can perform his work without any manual/paper-based processes.

This is a Proof Of Concept (PoC)
Goal is to construct UX, app and showcase rapid development, Progressive Web App possibilities and innovation.

Chosen frameworks/tools are:

- Progressive Web App 
- Reactjs
- Swagger
- Auth0
- Reakit?
- React studio?

### Tools ###

* Todo-list on Trello: https://trello.com/b/pbG3xppU/nordicrecipientadministrationapp
* Communication on Slack: https://postnordapp.slack.com/messages/C924XAN3A/team/U934QSG48/

### Definition Of 'Ready for Test' ###

* Tested/Reviewed by collegue

### Definition Of 'Done' ###

* Tested/Reviewed by Product Owner (David Hultsberg)/Postnord Business 


### Who do I talk to? ###

* Product Owner: david.hultsberg@postnord.com

Commit message:

updated readme to include instructions for Rekit

README.md, after:

# README #

This repo holds sourcecode and documentation for NordicRecipientAdminApp
A mobile app where mailmen (and others working in the field) can;

	- suggest changes to recipient database (initially ISU); i.e. recipient preferences, who lives where 
	- get routeinfo for mailman so that he can perform his work without any manual/paper-based processes.

This is a Proof Of Concept (PoC)
Goal is to construct UX, app and showcase rapid development, Progressive Web App possibilities and innovation.

Chosen frameworks/tools are:

- Progressive Web App 
- Reactjs
- Swagger
- Auth0
- Reakit?
- React studio?

### Tools ###

* Todo-list on Trello: https://trello.com/b/pbG3xppU/nordicrecipientadministrationapp
* Communication on Slack: https://postnordapp.slack.com/messages/C924XAN3A/team/U934QSG48/

### Definition Of 'Ready for Test' ###

* Tested/Reviewed by collegue

### Definition Of 'Done' ###

* Tested/Reviewed by Product Owner (David Hultsberg)/Postnord Business 


### Who do I talk to? ###

* Product Owner: david.hultsberg@postnord.com

### React Git project setup ###

First you need to setup git/bitbucket and pull the master branch.

Then, In Console:

npm install -g rekit

CD masterBranch\TestStructure\TestRekit

** TestStructre is located in the git/bitbucket master branch folder. **

npm install

npm start
